That feeling of inadequacy came back stronger than ever.

What triggered it, I wonder?  Seeing someone gift almost six hundred(!) subscriptions in a matter of mere days compared to your own ~~contributions~~ *tribute* over a matter of two months to a one particular person?  Could I call it jealousy?  Perhaps.  It makes me wonder just what some of these people do for a living - trade in stocks, cryptocurrency, own multiple businesses - and can gift 500 or more subs in a matter of days (which, by the way, is about $2500) and not bat an eye.  One streamer said it best: women love attention, especially in the form of gifts and/or cash.  If you don't flash your wallet, women will ignore you and find someone else who will.

Should I be doing that for the woman who still lives under the same roof as me?  Probably.  But I know the only gift she will ever truly accept from me is her freedom, and that will come in the form of a modified minivan so she can fly away.  Part of me fears that she will take our child with her, and ensure that I will never see him until he's old enough to make his own decisions.  How will I be able to find the strength to move forward should that scenario come to fruition?

But back to my opening statement.  Was this person I refer to ever truly friends with me?  I simply don't know anymore.  Her reaction to my action spoke louder than words, and yet I will harbor no ill will towards her.  I'm not like others who have left her community who have been full of vitriol and spite.  I'm better than that.  While I have left her community, I do wish her nothing but happiness and success moving forward in her life and her content creation career, and should she ever read this, I also wish for her to find genuine love.  She'll claim she has it, and while I won't question it openly, I can't help but wonder just how long it will take for her to understand that only through sacrifice will she be able to find it.  Genuine love, I learned long ago, means giving up the meaning of "self" and it becomes "us" - a give-and-take relationship that needs the utmost of nurturing and open communication every day.  Although I will try my hardest not to call her out, to see her true colors and simply cast me aside like some broken toy only proves what was said earlier - fail to flash your wallet and women sooner or later will find the next person who will.  Men love to provide for women, but when the money runs out women will almost always head for greener pastures.  A true lady, on the other hand, won't do that.  She'll stand by her man through thick and thin, and will work with him to ensure they survive *together* come hell or high water.  She will also love him unconditionally, in spite of the sacrifices she's had to make, and will work with him to build a dream *together*.

Then again, as far as the aforementioned streamer is concerned, and also in the eyes of my child's mother, I'm just an object that no longer has any worth, meaning, or value.  And to be honest, it hurts.  I'm honestly not sure how to get past this one other than to will myself to keep moving.

Best song to describe this feeling: ["Just Like All of Your Toys" by The Monkees (1967)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whJVDuyl3xc)
